Tucked in a valley in the Allegheny Mountains in West Virginia, it says:
The Green Bank Radio Telescope,
the largest fully movable radio telescope in the world.
If you want to build an optical telescope,
something that looks at the stars,
would you like to be at the top of a mountain,
you want to get through as much of the earth's atmosphere as possible.
But a radio telescope must be isolated
of all radio noise that humanity makes.
One way is to build the middle between the mountains.
Solid rock shields well.
Another way is to let everyone around you keep silent.
Welcome to the National Radio Quiet Zone.
eh ... This is where I would have used a wide drone recording,
to give a dramatic picture.
But remote controls are not allowed here.
The task of the Green Bank telescope is actually very flexible,
from looking at objects in the solar system
to look at objects halfway through the universe and beyond.
It was useful in discovering the molten core of Mercury.
It helped solve a disagreement in astronomy,
about the distance to a nearby star cluster.
And that may sound a bit "worldly",
but measuring distances is very difficult in astronomy.
And one of the biggest projects the telescope is doing now,
is also looking out for living things in space.
It is called the Breakthrough Listen project,
and it is a quest for extraterrestrial intelligence using the Green Bank telescope.
and other establishments around the world.
The Quiet Zone is roughly a rectangle
about 160 km (100 mi) long and wide.
And since 1958
the US government has strict restrictions on radiation transmissions within the Zone.
Partly for this telescope, and partly because there is a much more secure military base
50 km (30 mi) away is listening to earth communication.
Some people write about the Quiet Zone
and say that all radiation transmissions within 290 km (100 mi) are prohibited,
but that is not true: there are cities within the Zone,
and the people there use wifi and mobile phones.
It is the Quiet Zone, not the Quiet Zone.
Outside of these, the rules are about big channels,
the kind that broadcasts TV and radio signals:
they must use targeted low-energy antennas,
instead of sending the signal everywhere.
Within 16 km (10 mi) from here,
the rules become stricter.
This telescope is sensitive enough to
if it is in the right direction,
pick up a signal with the same energy as a snowflake that touches the ground.
And even if it is not directly aimed at you,
it has an area of ​​8000 m2
to hear your telephone calling for cell towers that are not there.
If you live in a place without a mobile phone, that is an interesting change.
I had a mobile phone two years ago,
I could look up everything on Google.
You know, after living a week here ...
I did not even remember it.
The only difference is that you have to plan things a bit more forward.
If you want to go out with your friends, you plan ahead
or you say "I'll see them when I see them".
Those kind of things.
And many, many people have come and gone,
stayed for weeks or months at a time,
and none of them ever said "man, I really miss my phone".
In the nearby city of Green Bank, everything that sends is
whether it's a baby monitor or a wireless doorbell, forbidden.
Just like anything that can cause interference.
Microwaves are not allowed.
Power cables must be buried more than a meter under the ground.
The buildings in the vicinity of the telescope are giant Faraday cages,
that keep all radiation inside.
This is the dead room I'm testing.
I first test the device myself to see what the radiations are,
then I design a box for it, put it back in the room,
and I see if I have done well or not.
Things like cameras, for example,
should see high-frequency electromagnetic radiation, namely light,
and yet we try to prevent them from emitting electromagnetic radiation with lower energy.
Normally we use a kind of net in glass that works fine
and it does not disturb the picture so much.
If you are within 1.6 km of the telescope,
the restrictions are so severe that only diesel cars are allowed.
Normal petrol cars cause too much interference from the spark plugs.
People who say they are hypersensitive to move here:
and even though every proof says it's in between the ears,
they still feel better when they are here.
However, the scientists have some practical objections.
My work is about dealing with radio frequency perturbations on location,
and also routine reminders to see if there is something new in the area.
We have a measuring station at the location,
and then we jump into the car.
And we have equipment in the car to find the way.
We look at the receiver and the spectrum analyzer
and drive around and watch changes of the signal.
It's getting harder and harder,
because more and more wireless stuff is coming.
The wireless spirit is out of the bottle.
And there are so many things out there,
the Internet of Things sneaks into almost every device.
Fridges now have hotspots.
If we drive around and watch wifi points,
there are always three or four printers.
The strangest thing that has been heard was an electric pillow in a doghouse.
There were some sparks in the pillow,
and that caused a lot of radio frequency disruptions, so ...
My predecessor liked that,
and they solved it by giving that man a new doghouse heating!
I want everyone at the Green Bank Observatory
and thank all the staff at the radio telescope.
I'm overwhelmed that I can be here,
I am so grateful to everyone,
and please look in the description,
and view the links, and see what they do.